Code Origins Doc - Fixed broken image and added Typescript enable source map instructions (#29163)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/code_origins/_index.md

export DD_CODE_ORIGIN_FOR_SPANS_ENABLED=true
```

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   For transpiled Node.js applications (eg. Typescript), make sure to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the <a href="https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.22.12/docs/api/cli.html#cli_enable_source_maps"><code>--enable-source-maps</code></a> flag. Otherwise, code previews will not work. See the Node.js <a href="/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=nodejs#setup">Source Code Integration</a> documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For transpiled Node.js applications (for example, Typescript), make sure to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the <a href="https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.22.12/docs/api/cli.html#cli_enable_source_maps"><code>--enable-source-maps</code></a> flag. Otherwise, code previews do not work. See the Node.js <a href="/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=nodejs#setup">Source Code Integration</a> documentation for more details.
```

</div>

## Using Code Origins

### In the Trace Explorer

1. Navigate to the [Trace Explorer][1].
1. Search for "Service Entry Spans" from your Code Origins-enabled services.

    {{< img src="tracing/code_origins/code_origin_service_entry_spans_filter.png" alt="Code Origins - Search for Service Entry Spans" style="width:100%;">}}

1. Click on a span to view its details.
1. In the trace details side panel, look for the "Code Origin" section.

    {{< img src="tracing/code_origins/code_origin_details_spotlight.png" alt="Code Origin Details in Traces Explorer" style="width:100%;">}}

1. From the Code Origin section:

>     - Kick off a [Live Debugger][11] session on the running service by clicking "Start Debug Session" to capture logs at the Code Origin method location. Or select a breakpoint in the gutter of the code preview to capture logs at the selected line of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Kick off a [Live Debugger][11] session on the running service by clicking "Start Debug Session" to capture logs at the Code Origin method location. Or, select a breakpoint in the gutter of the code preview to capture logs at the selected line of code.
```

export DD_CODE_ORIGIN_FOR_SPANS_ENABLED=true
```

<div class="alert alert-info">

>   For TypeScript applications, run your Node.js application with the 

Author: @watson This was basically copy/pasted from the SCI docs page, but would you mind double-checking that this instruction looks correct and doesn't require any extra steps or context?

Author: I don't mind duplicating it here, since we know people are bad at reading docs - and the majority of people who will navigate to this page initially will be Node.js users, so we may as well hold their hand a bit!

Good catch on the "recommended for code previews"! Ill update it in my next commit.

Reviewer 2: If we duplicate this information, I think we need to:

1. Either duplicate both the information about `--enable-source-maps`, but also the fact that the user needs to set the `DD_GIT_*` environment variables (this quickly becomes verbose though).
2. Or at least change the text in this callout to reflect that it's not the _only_ thing the user needs to do.

Right now it says that you need to set `--enable-source-maps` to see code previews without mentioning that you also need to set the `DD_GIT_*` environment variables.

Another thing (and I can't make up my mind about this) is that we say this is for TypeScript apps. Whereas in reality it's for all apps that does any sort of transpiling - TypeScript just being the most common situation where this is needed. However, the section quickly becomes complex if you add all sorts of conditions to it. So we might be better off not mentioning it 🤷 

Here's my best attempt:

> For transpiled applications, such as TypeScript, it's important to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the  [`--enable-source-maps`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/cli.html#--enable-source-maps) flag. Otherwise code previews will not work correctly.
> 
> For more information, see the [Source Code Integration](/integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=nodejs#embed-git-information-in-your-build-artifacts) documentation for Node.js.

Note that I've changed the link Node.js docs to point to the latest docs.

(Writing this, I realized that the SCI docs doesn't mention to publish the source maps with the deployed application. It should do that)

Reviewer 2: Once this is merged, I have [a PR ready](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/29200) to move the language specific instructions into individual tabs so that we can start to diverge the instructions. This only becomes more important in the future as we add support for new frameworks, which each will require a different tracer version (documenting these details becomes very verbose if all languages share the same table)

Author: @watson Let me know what you think of my latest changes!

## Troubleshooting

### Code Origin section is missing ###

- Verify Code Origins is [enabled](#enable-code-origins) in your tracing library configuration.

> - Confirm that your service meets all [compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) (ie. service language, supported frameworks, and minimum tracer version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirm that your service meets all [compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) (that is, service language, supported frameworks, and minimum tracer version).
```

> - For most services, Code Origins data will be captured for [service entry spans][12] only. You can filter to "Service Entry Spans" in the [APM Trace Explorer][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For most services, Code Origins data is captured for [service entry spans][12] only. You can filter to "Service Entry Spans" in the [APM Trace Explorer][1].
```

    {{< img src="tracing/code_origins/code_origin_service_entry_spans_filter.png" alt="Code Origins - Search for Service Entry Spans" style="width:100%;">}}

- To search for all spans that include Code Origins, use the query `@_dd.code_origin.type:*` in the [APM Trace Explorer][1].

### Code preview is not visible ###
- Ensure that all [Source Code Integration][7] setup requirements are met.

> - For transpiled Node.js applications (eg. Typescript), make sure to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the [`--enable-source-maps`][10] flag. Otherwise, code previews will not work. See the Node.js [Source Code Integration][9] documentation for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For transpiled Node.js applications (for example, Typescript), make sure to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the [`--enable-source-maps`][10] flag. Otherwise, code previews do not work. See the Node.js [Source Code Integration][9] documentation for more details. 
```

## Troubleshooting

### Code Origin section is missing ###

- Verify Code Origins is [enabled](#enable-code-origins) in your tracing library configuration.
- Confirm that your service meets all [compatibility requirements](#compatibility-requirements) (that is, service language, supported frameworks, and minimum tracer version).
- For most services, Code Origins data is captured for [service entry spans][12] only. You can filter to "Service Entry Spans" in the [APM Trace Explorer][1].

    {{< img src="tracing/code_origins/code_origin_service_entry_spans_filter.png" alt="Code Origins - Search for Service Entry Spans" style="width:100%;">}}

- To search for all spans that include Code Origins, use the query `@_dd.code_origin.type:*` in the [APM Trace Explorer][1].

> ### Code preview is not visible ###

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Code preview is not visible ###

```

- Ensure that all [Source Code Integration][7] setup requirements are met.

> - For transpiled Node.js applications (for example, Typescript), make sure to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the [`--enable-source-maps`][10] flag. Otherwise, code previews do not work. See the Node.js [Source Code Integration][9] documentation for more details. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For transpiled Node.js applications (for example, TypeScript), make sure to generate and publish source maps with the deployed application, and to run Node.js with the [`--enable-source-maps`][10] flag. Otherwise, code previews do not work. See the Node.js [Source Code Integration][9] documentation for more details. 
```

[6]: /tracing/trace_collection/
[7]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/
[8]: /tracing/trace_collection/compatibility/nodejs#web-framework-compatibility
[9]: /integrations/guide/source-code-integration/?tab=nodejs#setup

> [10]: https://nodejs.org/dist/v12.22.12/docs/api/cli.html#cli_enable_source_maps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[10]: https://nodejs.org/docs/latest/api/cli.html#--enable-source-maps
```
